[Dashboards in chat] Rename dashboard_agent to agent_builder_dashboards (#270565)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/agent_builder_dashboards/README.md

> # Agent Builder Dashboards

Author: Previously, this was documented in `x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/dashboard_agent/README.md.` The description has been slightly updated.

> Agent Builder enrichment plugin that provides dashboard tools, attachment types, and a dashboard-management skill for dashboards in chat via the [AgentBuilder](../agent_builder/README.md) framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contains dashboard-related entities for the Agent Builder, including tools, attachment types, and a dashboard skill.
```
